Fix grammar across docs content (#519)
icerpc/icerpc-docs: content/icerpc-for-ice-users/rpc-core/ice-identity.md

```

In IceRPC, Ice objects are called services, and each service has a URI-compatible absolute path. For interop with Ice,

> the identity of Ice objects can be converted back and forth into a URI-compatible percent-escaped path.

Reviewer: The grammar is definitely off here, but I think this is a more correct fix, since not all Ice Objects have the same shared identity. And this statement is about all Ice Objects, and their _identities_.
```suggestion
the identities of Ice objects can be converted back and forth into URI-compatible percent-escaped paths.
```

Author: Applied in adf0713.
